hey chickie okay today we are doing yes
another spring inspired many I really
like doing these comes because it makes
me feel warm because where I live it's
awesome and it's starting to get really
cold so I really hope you like this one
let's get into it now started off by
painting all of my nails with OPI is
gargantuan green grape which is actually
a really pretty blue apparently there's
a green one that I haven't seen that
this one's the blue one i'm also using
these little female hours that i bought
on ebay i'll put a link down in the
description box so you can go and check
those out they are really cheap and very
easy to use now I'm going to be using my
nail series 706 brush which I got from
the stylish nail art shop and I'm also
going to be using some of iron m nails
at cuticle oil on the bristles of that
brush just to in an attempt to make the
painting of the stems of the flowers a
lot smoother now i'm using my favorite
matte black acrylic craft paint and and
that's all you're going to need to use
you can use polish for this you're going
to need a seriously fine brush just like
the one I've got you can create your own
just by cutting an existing brush down
so as you can see I'm just painting the
stalks of the flowers and with a couple
of little leaves on each of the stalks
and once all of your painting is dry you
can go ahead and use a topcoat i'm using
seche vite to stick my female flowers
down but if you want them to stay for
any length of time before I need to use
some nail glue and then all you need to
do is grab your tweezers and pick up
your little files and put them on the
top of the stems and that's it I really
hope you like this one it's super simple
and easy I really really do hope you try
it thank you so much for watching I'll
see you next time bye ticking and thank
you for subscribing take to that
delicious thumbs up bye